One needle hit the person, 12 needles whistled, 13 needles concealed white.
Four pin bell. Seeking fame from the fire.
Five needles buried deep. Six needles are abundant.
Seven-pin armor car. Eight stitches make a family.
Nine-pin husband. Ten pins on the star.
Swells red on fire. Eleven stitches go to the ruler.
Twelve-pin pre-gate header. Thirteen needles are passed to the center.
Sister, I thought I hadn’t had time to say goodbye yet.
Just like you will never be like this again?
I am no longer like this.
The lungs are severely affected. In addition, the collapse of lung function leads to the risk of fat cavity.
The new lung function is also from Zhi Xi
Forcibly exclude him from the machine
Only then did he come back to life
But the new lung function is only temporarily late
If it takes so long for his new lung function to recover
I still have to take medicine for a while.
In addition to love, there is also a lot of detective power